The other party, you have to take responsibility alone
More kind and courageous
Now I decide to pass you the location of the knife
Let you choose with you.
The only thing missing is two. I am very young
Don't care about yourself.
It's okay if you don't want to be a knifeman.
But you have to choose a swordsman.
Jie Fang, please go to me.
This. Don't do anything wrong.
We, the guides, are all present together.
You can choose one.
Better than choosing four.
You must choose your result.
Composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer, composer. compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose compose